Hi, this is the description file for Team 7's METR4810 Contactless Face Mask Dispenser

The device is modeled after what we've been calling a printer design.
Essentially treating the face masks like paper, moving them from a stack with conveyors and rollers.

The computations and control are designed to be performed on a Raspberry Pi 3 Model B.

Electrical Components:
    28BYJ-28 Stepper Motor and ULN2003 Driver x2
    Micro Servo 9g
    SEN0208 Water Resistant Ultrasonic Sensor
    SFH 309 FA-4/5 Photo-transistor
    LEDs (Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Infrared)

PIN LAYOUT:
    Stepper   ->    3, 5, 7, 11, 16, 18, 22, 24
    Servo     ->    12
    UL Trig   ->    8
    UL ECHO   ->    10

    LEDs
    Fault     ->    31
    Ready     ->    33
    User      ->    35
    Running   ->    37
    100%      ->    13
    75%       ->    15
    50%       ->    19
    25%       ->    21
    Empty     ->    23

    IR
    75%       ->    40
    50%       ->    38
    25%       ->    36
    Empty     ->    32
    Dispense  ->    26

Setup and Run Instructions:
    Initially mount the dispenser on the mounting wall using the lower and upper mounting points
    on the dispenser. This is done by attaching the mounts with nuts and bolts, ensure dispenser is
    secure and level.

    Load masks neatly into the dispenser from the side door, door can opened using the handle. Place
    weight plate on the very of the mask stack to ensure the masks are tightly packed. Close the side door,
    and screw it in to ensure it is sealed and secured.

    Plug official Raspberry Pi Micro Usb power supply to a standard 3 pin power point. Have a wifi network
    available for the dispenser's Raspberry Pi 3, then connect to the the dispenser using VNC from an
    "offsite" device. VNC login details seen below:
    VNC username: Pi
    VNC password: metr4810

    Once successfully connected to the dispenser's Raspberry Pi 3 through VNC, import Pigpio. In the
    command terminal type:
        sudo pigpiod
    Then press enter, which will import Pigpio for the Raspberry Pi's GPIO pins. This step MUST be performed
    everytime the dispenser is turned on or the Raspberry Pi is restarted.

    Navigate to the "METR4810_Mask_Disp" folder and open the "main" in the Thonny application in the
    Raspberry Pi 3. Press the "Run" button in Thonny, which will present the operator with a Graphical
    User Interface (GUI). The GUI will be the operators main workspace to interact with and monitor the
    dispenser. The operator must input the number of masks in the dispenser before running it. This is achieved
    by using the add and remove mask/s buttons under the navigation tab on the top left of the GUI. Then
    the operator can press the "Start" button on the GUI to initiate the dispenser.

    There is a maintenance file in the "METR4810_Mask_Disp" folder called "main_tenance" which can be run
    to clear jams without needed to open the whole dispenser case. This code will open the dispensing door
    and run the dispensing rollers to try and push the jammed mask/s through. It will also keep the door open
    if the operator is required to pull the jammed mask/s out.

How To Use The Dispenser As A User:
    When the "READY" LED is turned on, on the front display panel of the dispenser, a user can request a mask.
    To request a mask from the dispenser, the user is required to hold their hand or an object under the
    ultrasonic sensor of the dispenser (location marked using the "HOLD HAND BELOW" indication) for 1 or more
    seconds within 40cm of the sensor. The "USER" LED will indicate if the sensor is detecting the user. Once
    the dispenser has detected a user is ready to collect a mask, it will turn off the "READY" and " USER" LEDs
    and turn on the "RUN" LED. This means the dispenser is in the process of dispensing a mask. After a short
    period of time the dispensing door will open and the rollers will present the user with a mask in a way
    where they are not required to touch the dispenser in any way.

    The stack display presents the user/s with an indication on the amount of masks remaining in the dispenser.
    If the dispenser is empty the only LEDs on will be the "PWR" LED, which indicates the dispenser is powered,
    and the "EMPTY" LED which will be flashing red. If this happens an operator will come to fill the dispenser
    with more masks.

    The dispenser may experience jams, if this happens the "READY", "USER", and "RUN" LEDs will turn off and
    the "FAULT" LED will turn on. When in a fault the dispenser will not be usable for a user till the jam is
    cleared.

    During the event a mask is requested by a user but the user does not collect the mask when ready for
    collection, the dispenser will automatically dispense the mask after waiting 2.5 seconds.

